Definition  
    wg-config: manage wireguard interfaces with a single command  

Syntax  
    bash wireguard_server.sh [options] <command> <arguments> [optional arguments]  

Description  
    Taking advantage of the simplicity of WireGuard, this script aims to simplify basic operations, with common options which should suit most use cases, for the VPN creation, configuration, management and removal of WireGuard interfaces with single commands.  
    This intends to be a basic configurator which tries to abstract the firewall and system configuration from the user, and it will always manage the VPN by editing a file in /etc/wireguard/[interface name].conf where interface name is the name set by the user. Most customizations which can be carried out in the conf file (such as editing peer data, modifying interfaces or altering IPs) at present are out of the scope of this project. There is rich documentation available for WireGuard in their sites, in the man command for wg, or learning from the multiple sources available online to manually understand and edit the conf file.  

Requirements  
    SUDO access  
    WireGuard  
        Install with: sudo apt install wireguard  
    UFW (recommended but optional)
        Install with: sudo apt install ufw  

Options  
    -h|--help  
        Get general help or command specific help  
    -v|--visualize  
        visualize commands that will be ran instead of executing them  

Commands and Arguments  
    new {<interface-name>} [-a <address>] [-p <port>] [-f <forwarding-interface>]  
        Creates a new WireGuard interface. The command manages the creation of the logical interface, the WireGuard configuration file and the server keys.  
        The address configures an address for the server in the VPN. Default is 10.0.0.1
        The port specifies the listening port for this interface of WireGuard. Default is 51820.
        The forwarding-interface specifies the interface to route traffic through which is not directed to this server. If not set, forwarding will be disabled for this interface until it is manually enabled with the enable-forwarding command.
    enable {<interface-name>}
        Enables an existent, but disabled interface.  
    disable {<interface-name>}  
        Disables an interface without deleting it.  
    enable-forwarding {<interface-name>} {<forwarding-interface>}  
        Enables traffic forwarding. This enables peers to route all traffic through the encrypted tunnel interface and reach their destination. Will also allow peers to reach devices in the LAN.  
    disable-forwarding {<interface-name>}  
        Disables traffic forwarding. Connected clients will only have access to this server regardless of its configuration.
    remove {<interface-name>}  
        Removes the interface and all the configuration files for the selected interface. Requires confirmation.
    peer-new {<interface-name>} {-f <public key file> | -k <public key>} {-i <peer-ip>} [-n <name or identifier>]  
        Add a new peer to the configuration file.  
        It is required to provide a public key for the peer (generated by the peer) or a file where the only the key is stored. Indicate with the flag -f or -k which is being provided. The file can be deleted later on.
        A unique peer ip is required.
        The name or identifier flag exists to label the peer with in a recognizable way in the configuration file so it is easier to locate.
    peer-enable {<interface-name>} {-i <peer-ip> | -n <name or identifier>}  
        Enables a peer which was previously disabled from connecting.
    peer-disable {<interface-name>} {-i <peer-ip> | -n <name or identifier>}  
        Disables the connection for a peer without deleting its configuration.
    peer-remove {<interface-name>} {-i <peer-ip> | -n <name or identifier>}  
        Delete a peer and remove its information from the configuration file. Requires confirmation.
        To identify the peer use the peer-ip (unique for each peer) or a name/identifier if it was defined on creation. If multiple peers are found the process will be aborted.

ToDo
    · Enable traffic forwarding on a per-client basis
    · Enable forwarding with/without LAN access
    · Autogenerate peer-ip
    · Substitute abortion for confirmation if multiple peers are found on the peer operations.
    · IPv6 support
    · IP address validator
